# ADIDAS-US--SALES-ANALYSIS
Objective:
Adidas wants to analyze sales data to provide insights and recommendations to increase sales.
Dataset used:
-<a href="https://github.com/SahasraKalwa/ADIDAS-US--SALES-ANALYSIS/blob/main/Adidas_Sales_PracticeSet-5_dataset.xlsx">// Dataset link
What are total sales, total profit, the average price per unit and total unit sold?
What is the total profit generated by each retailer?
What is the distribution of product categories sales?
What is the total number of units sold by product category and gender type?
Which sales method is the most effective in generating sales?
How does the sales data vary by region, state and city?
Create a detailed page that focuses on the product categories, and enable drill-through filtering to allow users to jump to this page and view more specific information about the selected product category.
Insights:
120 Million sale and 47 Million Profit
Top 2 performing cities in terms of profit are Charleston and New York
There is an increase in sales trend from qtr1 to qtr3 and after that there is a slight decline in sales
West Gear is the top profitable retailer of adidas
Customers are more interested in buying in offline (Outlet & In-Store) rather than online
Men are buying more street footwear and athletics footwear whereas women are buying apparel
Recommendations:
Increase production for Street Footwear
Improve strategy(discounts, digital marketing) to increase online sales
Give attractive offers in months of Qtr4 (seasonal sales)
List more products on Amazon and Walmart
Add more product categories in in-store
